# Program Description: 

The virus (also) reaps among animals as well. Thanks to Lion's care, all animal clinics now have the right vaccine, so Dr. Bubó (doctor,parent process) , his assistant Ursula (child) and the unswerving advocate of order, Csőrmester (Beakmaster, another child), help the process of quick and efficient "vaccination". (Dr. Bubó, Ursula, Csőrmester are roles from a Hungarian tale movie.)

1. He asks Ursula and Csőrmester to take their positions(child processes start) and report back(signal) so that the "vaccination" can begin. Dr Bubo is given the number of waiting patients in the surgery as a command argument. He distributes them fairly, and sends a pipeline to Ursula and Beakmaster, telling them how many vaccinations they need. In the case of an odd number of patients waiting, Csőrmester (Beakmaster) always gets the one more patient. Both Ursula and Csőrmester (Beakmaster) read out the number of patients waiting for vaccinations from the pipeline, which is also written on the screen as an acknowledgement, and then they finish their activities. After Dr Bubo has waited for the assistants to leave, he also finishes his activity.
2. After the two assistants Ursula and Csőrmester (Beakmaster) receive the data via the pipeline, they start the vaccination. Before they vaccinate the patient, they check if the patient has a fever, is he sick? So at the end of the day, after writing on the screen how many patients have come to them, they send a message(message queue) back to Dr Bubo telling him how many were sick and how many were actually vaccinated, and then they finish their work. Dr Bubo enters this data on a screen and then closes the practice.
3. He writes in a file, on which day Dr Bubó clinic of the patients who came for vaccination, how many did not receive and how many received vaccination!